content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
description = "What the Wood Wide Log is about."
date = "2022-10-02"
aliases = ["contact"]
+++

An attempt at a journal slash dev log by [@cpu](https://twitter.com).

I like: Go, cryptography, mountain bikes, ACME, computer security, mushrooms,
Nix/NixOS, death|black metal, Linux, skateboards, DNS, snowboards, Wireguard,
living in the woods, MUDs, LPC, & other people's dev logs.

I've worked at: [Block]/[Square], [Let's Encrypt]/[ISRG], [Fastly], [Leviathan
Security Group], & the [Carleton Computer Security Lab]. I've contributed to
free software like [Boulder], [Nixpkgs], [ZLint], and [Streisand].

I've lived in: the greater Toronto area, Ottawa, San Francisco, Montreal, and
the Laurentides.

[Block]: https://block.xyz/
[Square]: https://squareup.com/ca/en
[Let's Encrypt]: https://letsencrypt.org/
[ISRG]: https://www.abetterinternet.org/
[Fastly]: https://www.fastly.com/
[Leviathan Security Group]: https://www.leviathansecurity.com/
[Carleton Computer Security Lab]: https://ccsl.carleton.ca/new/
[Boulder]: https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder
[Nixpkgs]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs
[ZLint]: https://github.com/zmap/zlint
[Streisand]: https://github.com/StreisandEffect/streisand

Commit message:

content: fix about page desc, site desc

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
description = "An attempt at a journal slash dev log by @cpu."
date = "2022-10-02"
aliases = ["contact"]
+++

An attempt at a journal slash dev log by [@cpu](https://twitter.com).

I like: Go, cryptography, mountain bikes, ACME, computer security, mushrooms,
Nix/NixOS, death|black metal, Linux, skateboards, DNS, snowboards, Wireguard,
living in the woods, MUDs, LPC, & other people's dev logs.

I've worked at: [Block]/[Square], [Let's Encrypt]/[ISRG], [Fastly], [Leviathan
Security Group], & the [Carleton Computer Security Lab]. I've contributed to
free software like [Boulder], [Nixpkgs], [ZLint], and [Streisand].

I've lived in: the greater Toronto area, Ottawa, San Francisco, Montreal, and
the Laurentides.

[Block]: https://block.xyz/
[Square]: https://squareup.com/ca/en
[Let's Encrypt]: https://letsencrypt.org/
[ISRG]: https://www.abetterinternet.org/
[Fastly]: https://www.fastly.com/
[Leviathan Security Group]: https://www.leviathansecurity.com/
[Carleton Computer Security Lab]: https://ccsl.carleton.ca/new/
[Boulder]: https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder
[Nixpkgs]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs
[ZLint]: https://github.com/zmap/zlint
[Streisand]: https://github.com/StreisandEffect/streisand
